Class names MUST be declared in StudlyCaps.

Class constants MUST be declared in all upper case with underscore separators.

Method names MUST be declared in camelCase

This means each class is in a file by itself, and is in a namespace of at least one level: a top-level vendor name.

Code MUST use 4 spaces for indenting, not tabs.

There MUST NOT be a hard limit on line length; the soft limit MUST be 120 characters; lines SHOULD be 80 characters or less.

Opening braces for classes MUST go on the next line, and closing braces MUST go on the next line after the body.

Opening braces for methods MUST go on the next line, and closing braces MUST go on the next line after the body.

Control structure keywords MUST have one space after them; method and function calls MUST NOT.

Opening braces for control structures MUST go on the same line, and closing braces MUST go on the next line after the body.

Opening parentheses for control structures MUST NOT have a space after them, and closing parentheses for control structures MUST NOT have a space before.

There MUST NOT be a hard limit on line length.

The soft limit on line length MUST be 120 characters; automated style checkers MUST warn but MUST NOT error at the soft limit.

Lines SHOULD NOT be longer than 80 characters; lines longer than that SHOULD be split into multiple subsequent lines of no more than 80 characters each.

There MUST NOT be trailing whitespace at the end of non-blank lines.

Blank lines MAY be added to improve readability and to indicate related blocks of code.

There MUST NOT be more than one statement per line.

PHP keywords MUST be in lower case

There MUST be one space after the control structure keyword

There MUST NOT be a space after the opening parenthesis

There MUST NOT be a space before the closing parenthesis

There MUST be one space between the closing parenthesis and the opening brace

The structure body MUST be indented once

The closing brace MUST be on the next line after the body

The keyword elseif SHOULD be used instead of else if so that all control keywords look like single words.

